Hello and welcome to the real beginning of our AI implementation.
Indeed we've just taken care of the precepts here by importing the libraries and setting the parameters
gemmen Alpha for the curing algorithm and now we're about to start the three essential parts of this
implementation.
So as you can see I already highlighted the structure here.
It's an implementation and three part part one will be about defining the environment exactly as we
did in the first section of this case study.
So we'll define the states will define the actions and will define the words.
Then Part 2 will be about building the solution with kerning.
So here in this part 2 we will do nothing else than implementing the whole true learning algorithm which
will not only build the curing model train it over many iterations as you saw either in intuitional
lectures or in the ebook.
And finally in part three will go into production and so will make a tool that will return the shortest
route towards the top priority location which is location G from wherever we start.
OK so if you're ready let's start with Part 1.
Defining the environment.
So I already prepared the structure of this Part 1 so I'm just going to paste it here is what we have
to do in this part one for as defined in the states and then finding the actions and third defining
the reward.
So let's go with the states.
We're going to do exactly the same as we did in the slides or in the ebook.
We're going to make a dictionary dictionary that maps to locations names in letters to the states and
indexes.
Why do we do it this way with the dictionary.
That's because it will be useful for us.
And actually part 3 when going into production because in order to connect our Q learning model with
what we want to do that is getting the shortest route the optimal route to the top priority location.
Well this dictionary will make our life much easier.
All right so let's make that dictionary and we're going to call it location to state right because we're
mapping the locations names in letters to the state in indexes from 0 to 11.
All right so now the question is how does a dictionary work in Python.
Well it consists of making a mapping between the keys the key identifiers which are unique identifiers
and the values of these keys.
And so here the keys are going to be the locations names from a to L and the values of these keys are
going to be the states from respectively 0 to 11.
And so how do we implement that in Python.
Well we start with brackets just like that.
And then for us we specify the key in quotes.
And inside these quotes we're going to put the name of that key identifier.
And so the first one is going to be the location A because as we just said the keys in the dictionary
other locations location A and the value for that location is going to be while the state corresponding
to that location.
And that is the state 0.
All right.
So remember that's the key identifier that's devalue and you separate the key identifier and the value
by a column here and then you do the same for the other couples of key identifiers and their values.
All right let's do this for the other ones.
The second key and will be location the and value for location B will be the state 1 then the third
key identify will be location C and the value will be the state to then next one is litigation and its
value will be the state three.
All right.
And then I'm just going to do the same put the other keys and values all the way to location.
Albert I'm going to accelerate because this is just the same until the end.
And done with location.
So here is our final dictionary mapping each of the 12 locations from 8 L to the corresponding states
which are respectively the indexes from 0 to 11.
Perfect.
And now we're going to define the actions.
So regarding the actions well let's just do exactly the same as what we did in the slides.
We're going to define the actions this way with a list containing all the possible actions that can
be played overall.
So remember we'll specify the actions that cannot be played when being in a specific location.
Thanks to the war matrix by attributing a zero when we can not play an action leading to the next location.
When being in a specific state and otherwise if we can play an action from a state that will take us
to a location next to it well we'll put away.
All right.
So let's do this.
The actions are basically the indexes of the 12 locations where the uttermost were house Robert can
go.
That is the index is 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 and 11.
All right perfect.
So these are actions.
And now let's define the rewards.
We'll actually do that in next tutorial because we have a big matrix to make.
It is exactly the same matrix as we made together in the first section of this case study.
So let's make that again in the next tutorial.
But this time in Python because in the end you will need it for the key learning algorithm.